# CS-305-Software-Security
Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
The client is Artemis Financial. The issue that the company wanted me to address is to make sure that their software is up to date and secure.
What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
When I found my client's software vulnerabilities I did well on creating a suppression.xml file to get rid of the false positives. It's important to code securely, because it keeps the bad black hat hackers out of important info and data like ssn's, dob's, and other important files. The value that software security adds to a company's overall well-being is safety, and trust.
Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
The part of the vulnerability assessment that was challenging to me was getting the dependency-check report to run and navigating to the dependency-check report on the browser. The part of the vulnerability assessment that was helpful to me was gaining the knowledge of how to run the dependency-check report to figure out the vulnerabilities.
How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
I increased the layers of security by updating the application.properties file and  doing the secure comms on https://localhost:8443/hash. In the future, I would use the browser to access the vulnerabilities on the dependency-check report. The mitigation techniques that I would use is creating a suppression.xml to get rid of the false positives.
How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I made certain the code and software application were functional and secure getting rid of the errors, writing the right codes, and updating the application.properties and creating secure comms on https://localhost:8443/hash. After refactoring the code, I check to see whether I introduced new vulnerabilities by looking at the dependency-check report.
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The resources, tools, or coding practices that I used that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks are my professor, classmates, the Maven Dependency-Check Plug-In, the Java KeyTool, the checksum verification, and Secure Comms with https://localhost:8443/hash.
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
What I might show future employers from this assignment would be my suppression.xml file to show that I know how to get rid of false positives in the dependency-check report, the updated version of my application.properties file to show how to make the application and software more secure, and the https://localhost:8443/hash to show how to make the communication more secure for the application and software. 
